um I think it you know it was um
I felt very inspired that because we all
created the project together I felt like
oh if I can do this once maybe I can I
can do this again and again and create
more movies for myself as far as on set
I didn't have very much power I just you
know made sure that the crew had donuts
or whatever but it was it was very
rewarding for me
we I met them and I they said do you
have any ideas and I said well you know
I've been thinking about this what you
know what happens when a Playboy bunny
gets kicked out of the mansion maybe
because you know she's a drug addict and
maybe she's an abusive father that she
has to live with and it's all kind of
horrible and sad and they were looking
at me like mm-hmm or she could become
the house mom at a girls club at the
University oh well I guess that's that's
a little happier
yeah he's very funny he's incredibly
laid-back he's just relaxed and he's but
he's so hard-working and he he was very
he's so smart about making these movies
and I was really flattered that that he
produced sort of his first female comedy
yes I think so I mean even when I do all
of this sort of hair makeup it doesn't
quite feel like me I'm more I guess a
sweat pants or jeans kind of girl
I loved how I loved flame Shelly
I love how happy she is and how
optimistic and she's got such a good
heart she really wants the best for
everybody I loved wearing those shoes
that I that I wear they really made me
feel like Shelly and that was just a lot
of fun
um I don't I don't know if it would be
for me but I do have to say it was
really fun even for the short time that
we were there being there it's like
there's a party all the time and it's
you know beautiful women and mr. Hefner
and his silk pajamas and it's it's
pretty amazing very surreal
we had my first day of shooting at the
mansion I'm wearing this little pink of
course this tiny little pink top and I'm
feeling very sort of modest and insecure
feeling a little bit like it's actually
that one I'm feeling a little bit like
not used to sort of being in such skimpy
clothes and I was wandering around and I
looked down and I realized that my
nipples had come out and so when I had
no idea and I was very embarrassed
maybe someday I think I would like to do
that and someday if somebody will cast
me in a role but I really love doing
comedy and I it's what I enjoy the most
and I definitely want to sort of stick
with that to see that
my next movies yeah there I have a movie
called observe and report with Seth
Rogen and I've got an animated movie
with Bill Hader who's another young
comedian and and then I'm hoping to
develop some more projects